Filtered archived repositories when discovering repos (#5314)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/real-apples-visit.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend': patch
---

> Filtering of archived repositories so they won't be added to Backstage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GithubDiscoveryProcessor now excludes archived repositories so they won't be added to Backstage.
```
